Email Templates

LINKS


Book a video meeting with me - 30 min
Book an extended video meeting with me - 45 min 
Book an extended in-person meeting with me  - 45min 
Book a phone call meeting- 15min 
Book time with Michael Lim 

CHECK-IN

 
Hi,
 
Just checking in on the job hunt on your side.
Everything going well?
 
Let's book another meeting.
Please book one here: Book time with Michael Lim 
 
Please reach out should you have any questions.
Have a good one,

MISSED MEETING - STRANGER


Hello,
 
Unfortunately, our scheduled meeting time has passed.
Please feel free to reach out when you are ready to book again.
 
Thanks and best of luck,

MISSED MEETING - REGULAR


Hello,
 
Unfortunately, our scheduled meeting time has passed.
Please book our next meeting here:  Book time with Michael Lim 
 
Thanks and talk to you again soon,


 
BETTER JOBS - ONTARIO


Hello,
 
I hope everything is well.
Regarding your interest in the Better Jobs Ontario program:

All interested candidates must sign up for a mandatory virtual information session.
The Better Jobs Ontario information session will cover general information about the program, including important terms, program suitability, eligibility, and Agilec’s role in helping you complete your application.
To sign up for the Better Jobs Ontario information session, please use the link provided below to register, and select the session you would like to enroll in. I have also attached a PDF guide with visuals to help you through the registration process.
Before the information session, please have a copy of your Record of Employment and your most recent resume, as these documents are required for the Better Jobs Ontario application process.

Better Jobs Ontario Information Session: https://education.agilec.ca/resource/learn/course/external/view/classroom/762/better-jobs-ontario-customer-information-session

If you have any questions or concerns before the information session or need assistance creating an account, please reach out at your earliest convenience.
Warm regards,


CONGRATULATIONS

Congratulations about the job!

The ministry requests the following details for the job:
Job Title:
Company Name:
Hourly Wage:
Hours per week:
Start Date:

We will continue to assist you for the next 12 months on the job.
Should there be any requirements for the job that we can help with (like clothes for example), please let me know, and I can put in a request to assist you.
Also, in the unfortunate event that you lose employment, we can continue with the job search immediately.

Finally, the ministry requests the following pay stubs:
1st pay stub, 1 month pay stub, 3 month, 6 month and 12 month pay stub

Should you have any questions, please feel free to reach out.
Congratulations again!

SIGNATURE


Michael Lim | Agilec
BA, RTWDM
Employment Coach
250 Bayly Street West, Unit 19, Ajax, Ontario  L1S 3V4
905-426-1760 x5107
www.agilec.ca
NOTICE: This email message and any attachments are confidential and may contain privileged or proprietary information. Any unauthorized review, distribution, or use of this information is prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient, please contact us immediately by return email and delete or destroy this e-mail and any copies.
CONNECT WITH US : Facebook   Twitter   LinkedIn   YouTube
Read about our Going for Gold journey
 
 
PRESTO

I hope you are doing well!

As the new month is approaching, I wanted to plan ahead and ask if you require a Presto pass for next month?
This allows me time to put in the request early and hopefully expedite the approval.

As always, please note that the funding is meant to be temporary until you've landed employment and gained some stability at the job.

Please let me know.
Thanks!

SICK RESCHEDULE

Good morning,

I'm sorry but unfortunately I have to reschedule our meeting as I'm home sick today with my daughter.
Please find the next best time here: Book time with Michael Lim 

Thanks for understanding,
Michael Lim
905-426-1760 x5107


TRANSFER TO NM
Subject: 
Agilec - Employment Consultant Transfer

Hello,

I hope that you are doing well.

As per my voicemail, we have a new employment consultant that has extensive previous experience as a job developer, and he will be taking over on helping you find work.
He will be reaching out to you to book your next meeting.

Here's his contact information:
Natiel McKenzie, Employment Consultant
P: 905-426-1760 x5104
E: nmckenzie@agilec.ca

Best of luck on the job hunt!
